(Next shooting spot is a car elevator)
(The girls are a little frightened...)
'Don't worry, it's fine'
(It looks little dangerous but it's really safe place for photo shooting)
NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"
'It's safe!'
(But somehow Kim Lip is laughing... )
'Kim Lip, why are you laughing~'
'Bye~'
Choerry: See you, everyone~
Kim Lip: But... I'm wondering what will happen if the door close.
Kim Lip: Just stay here? that's all?
Choerry: (Queen of positivity) Going down is just going down~
Choerry, Kim Lip: Bye~
(The photo shooting is continuing!)
(But a staff is pressing the button to hold the door!)
(But suddenly the alert sounds coming from the elevator!)
(!!!)
Choerry: Bye~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - ADD"
(What a move, Kim Lip!)
JinSoul: What are you doing! you said we all are going down together~
(Kim Lip coming under fire for her briliant move...)
(Kim Lip coming under fire for her brilliant move...)
'Ah~ why don't you know that it's a prank cam for you?
Kim Lip: Someone who is supposed to live, has to live anyway~
(She saying whatever... Probably she's really embarrased...)
(She turned red all over because of embarrassing!)
'You turned red!'